README.md, before:

# Creating Cesium Terrain Tiles using the MapInfo Raster API
<img width="729" alt="mtn" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10508645/24249639/5ddd3b6a-1017-11e7-9087-9798134fe499.png">

Cesium is a web-based GIS written in javascript and webGL.  It does a lot of what the google earth plugin used to do, but the main difference is that it’s plugin free, under active development, and released under the apache 2.0 license.

For those interest in creating Cesium terrain tiles, AGI already host the the [Cesium Terrain Builder](https://github.com/geo-data/cesium-terrain-builder), available as a docker image or from github.  The [Cesium Terrain Server](https://github.com/geo-data/cesium-terrain-server) can then be used to host the generated tilesets.

The existing terrain builder uses GDAL for input/output and currently a new commercial format - MapInfo MRR - does not have a GDAL driver.  As MRR ships with a .NET API I've used that here to generate cesium compatible heightmaps.  As the MRR API itself has fairly wide ranging format support this project is able to generate tiles from other elevation data sources.

### Usage and Requirements

Right now the project supports single field, single banded MRR input grids in the WGS84 Projection.
For legal reasons it is impossible to include the necessary MRR assemblies in this project. You will need a license for MapInfo Pro or a demo version to build and run the MRR Tile generator.

[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) is required to run electron/Cesium

Navigate to the cesium folder and install using.
```Batchfile
npm install -d
```
Google go and the [Cesium Terrain Server](https://github.com/geo-data/cesium-terrain-server) are also required for tile hosting. *Do remember that a layers.json file is required at the root level of the terrain server*.  I've uploaded one that matches the output format used by the MRR generator.

After setup, run the electron app with 
```Batchfile
node_modules\.bin\electron .
```
You will need to provide the tileserver base url, as well as the name of the tileset generated by the MRR tile generator.

Commit message:

Added dev pages link. Format support

README.md, after:

# Creating Cesium Terrain Tiles using the MapInfo Raster API
<img width="729" alt="mtn" src="https://github.com/IanAWP/ianawp.github.io/blob/master/images/image_0.png">
For a mored detailed writeup and explanation of the code, [head to my developer pages](https://ianawp.github.io/)

### Usage and Requirements

Right now the project supports single field, single banded MRR input grids in the WGS84 Projection.
For legal reasons it is impossible to include the necessary MRR assemblies in this project. You will need a license for MapInfo Pro or a demo version to build and run the MRR Tile generator.

[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) is required to run electron/Cesium

Navigate to the cesium folder and install using.
```Batchfile
npm install -d
```
Google go and the [Cesium Terrain Server](https://github.com/geo-data/cesium-terrain-server) are also required for tile hosting. *Do remember that a layers.json file is required at the root level of the terrain server*.  I've uploaded one that matches the output format used by the MRR generator.

After setup, run the electron app with 
```Batchfile
node_modules\.bin\electron .
```
You will need to provide the tileserver base url, as well as the name of the tileset generated by the MRR tile generator.

### Format support
Should work on anything the MRR API can read. Tested on MRR, Tin formats.
